feat(edge-services): update doc following migration (#6556)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/edge-services/reference-content/understanding-pricing.mdx

### Additional cache charges

> Cache consumption is based on the volume of data egressed from all your Edge Services pipelines' caches combined, in a given month. The transfer of data from the backend into the cache, or directly from the backend to a user, does not count towards the limit of your plan, and does not incur any additional charges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cache consumption is based on the total volume of data egressed from the caches of all your Edge Services pipelines, in a given month. The transfer of data from the backend into the cache, or directly from the backend to a user, does not count toward the limit of your plan, and does not incur any additional charges.
```

### Additional WAF charges

> WAF consumption is based on the number of requests processed by all your Edge Services pipelines' Web Application Firewalls combined, in a given month. Requests that are served by the cache are **not** processed by WAF, as WAF protects only your backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WAF consumption is based on the total number of requests processed by the Web Application Firewalls of all your Edge Services pipelines, in a given month. Requests that are served by the cache are **not** processed by WAF, as WAF protects only your backend.
```
